# This file is generated by script/oppfest/codeowners.py
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Open Peer Power Core
setup.py @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/*.py @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/helpers/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/util/* @open-peer-power/core

# Other code
openpeerpower/scripts/check_config.py @kellerza

# Integrations
openpeerpower/components/alexa/* @open-peer-power/cloud @ochlocracy
openpeerpower/components/almond/* @gcampax @balloob
openpeerpower/components/api/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/auth/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/automatic/* @armills
openpeerpower/components/automation/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/bmw_connected_drive/* @gerard33
openpeerpower/components/cloud/* @open-peer-power/cloud
openpeerpower/components/config/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/configurator/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/conversation/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/cover/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/daikin/* @fredrike @rofrantz
openpeerpower/components/demo/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/devcon/* @open-peer-power/frontend
openpeerpower/components/device_automation/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/fronius/* @nielstron
openpeerpower/components/frontend/* @open-peer-power/frontend
openpeerpower/components/group/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/growatt_server/* @indykoning
openpeerpower/components/heatmiser/* @andylockran
openpeerpower/components/history/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/homekit_controller/* @Jc2k
openpeerpower/components/http/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/input_boolean/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/input_datetime/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/input_number/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/input_select/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/input_text/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/logger/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/met/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/mobile_app/* @robbiet480
openpeerpower/components/modbus/* @adamchengtkc
openpeerpower/components/moon/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/mqtt/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/mysensors/* @MartinHjelmare
openpeerpower/components/notify/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/onboarding/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/openpeerpower/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/oppio/* @open-peer-power/opp-io
openpeerpower/components/panel_custom/* @open-peer-power/frontend
openpeerpower/components/persistent_notification/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/safe_mode/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/scene/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/script/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/search/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/serial/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/sms/* @ocalvo
openpeerpower/components/smtp/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/stream/* @hunterjm
openpeerpower/components/sun/* @Swamp-Ig
openpeerpower/components/time_date/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/tts/* @robbiet480
openpeerpower/components/updater/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/weather/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/websocket_api/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/yr/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/zeroconf/* @robbiet480 @Kane610
openpeerpower/components/zha/* @dmulcahey @adminiuga
openpeerpower/components/zone/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/components/zwave/* @open-peer-power/z-wave

# Individual files
openpeerpower/components/demo/weather @fabaff
